{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green41\blue42;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20392\c21176\c21569;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11200\viewh12480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ADHD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a brain disorder marked by an ongoing pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity are the key behaviors of ADHD. Some people with ADHD only have problems with one of the behaviors, while others have both inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity. Most children have the combined type of ADHD.\
\
In preschool, the most common ADHD symptom is hyperactivity.
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Anxiety \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Occasional anxiety is a normal part of life. You might feel anxious when faced with a problem at work, before taking a test, or making an important decision. But anxiety disorders involve more than temporary worry or fear. For a person with an anxiety disorder, the anxiety does not go away and can get worse over time. \
\
The feelings of anxiety can interfere with daily activities such as job performance, school work, and relationships. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 People with generalized anxiety disorder display excessive anxiety or worry for months and face several anxiety-related symptoms.
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Autism\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is the name for a group of developmental disorders. ASD includes a wide range, \'93a spectrum,\'94 of symptoms, skills, and levels of disability.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Some people are mildly impaired by their symptoms, while others are severely disabled. Treatments and services can improve a person\'92s symptoms and ability to function.\
\
Parents or doctors may first identify ASD behaviors in infants and toddlers. School staff may recognize these behaviors in older children. Not all people with ASD will show all of these behaviors, but most will show several. There are two main types of behaviors: \'93restricted / repetitive behaviors\'94 and \'93social communication / interaction behaviors.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Depression \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Depression (major depressive disorder or clinical depression) is a common but serious mood disorder. It causes severe symptoms that affect how you feel, think, and handle daily activities, such as sleeping, eating, or working. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb3 Persistent depressive disorder 
\b0 \cb3 (also called dysthymia)
\b \cb3  
\b0 \cb3 is a depressed mood that lasts for at least two years. A person diagnosed with persistent depressive disorder may have episodes of major depression along with periods of less severe symptoms, but symptoms must last for two years to be considered persistent depressive disorder.\
\

\b \cb3 Perinatal depression 
\b0 \cb3 is much more serious than the \'93baby blues\'94 (relatively mild depressive and anxiety symptoms that typically clear within two weeks after delivery) that many women experience after giving birth. Women with perinatal depression experience full-blown major depression during pregnancy or after delivery (postpartum depression). The feelings of extreme sadness, anxiety, and exhaustion that accompany perinatal depression may make it difficult for these new mothers to complete daily care activities for themselves and/or for their babies.
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Bipolar Disorder\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bipolar disorder, also known as manic-depressive illness, is a brain disorder that causes unusual shifts in mood, energy, activity levels, and the ability to carry out day-to-day tasks.\
There are four basic types of bipolar disorder; all of them involve clear changes in mood, energy, and activity levels. These moods range from periods of extremely \'93up,\'94 elated, and energized behavior (known as manic episodes) to very sad, \'93down,\'94 or hopeless periods (known as depressive episodes). \
Less severe manic periods are known as hypomanic episodes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Dementia\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dementia is a general term for a decline in mental ability severe enough to interfere with daily life.
\b  \
\

\b0 Memory loss is an example. \
\
Alzheimer's is the most common type of dementia.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 OCD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is a common, chronic and long-lasting disorder in which a person has uncontrollable, reoccurring thoughts (
\i \cf2 \cb3 obsessions
\i0 \cf2 \cb3 ) and behaviors (
\i \cf2 \cb3 compulsions
\i0 \cf2 \cb3 ) that he or she feels the urge to repeat over and over.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb3 Obsessions
\b0 \cb3  are repeated thoughts, urges, or mental images that cause anxiety. \
\

\b \cb3 Compulsions
\b0 \cb3  are repetitive behaviors that a person with OCD feels the urge to do in response to an obsessive thought.\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PTSD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PTSD is a disorder that develops in some people who have experienced a shocking, scary, or dangerous event.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 It is natural to feel afraid during and after a traumatic situation. Fear triggers many split-second changes in the body to help defend against danger or to avoid it. This \'93fight-or-flight\'94 response is a typical reaction meant to protect a person from harm. Nearly everyone will experience a range of reactions after trauma, yet most people recover from initial symptoms naturally. Those who continue to experience problems may be diagnosed with PTSD. \
\
People who have PTSD may feel stressed or frightened even when they are not in danger.
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Schizophrenia\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Schizophrenia is a chronic and severe mental disorder that affects how a person thinks, feels, and behaves. \
\
People with schizophrenia may seem like they have lost touch with reality. \
\
Although schizophrenia is not as common as other mental disorders, the symptoms can be very disabling.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}