{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19360\viewh19480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 depression:\
\
outlet\
Thank you for giving us an outlet to tell our stories. It feels good to be able to share my experience with other people who are experiencing the same thing.\
\
pain\
This is such a great idea for a site. There are days where the pain is difficult to endure and my meds barely put a dent in it. \
\
incredible\
This site is incredible. I do not know who wrote the javascript but they should win an award for it. Thank you to whoever had the brilliant idea to make such a thing. \
\
\
*The simplest things are difficult from day to day. My depression robs me of the ability to enjoy life and I struggle to keep my chin up. I have tried a lot of different meds but they make me feel underwater. It feels good to share this and I hope it helps someone else. \
\
thank you\
It can be hard to talk admit to other people that I have depression, so thank you for showing how many people are dealing with these issues, too.\
\
\
anxiety: \
\
tough to leave the house\
Some days it is all that I can do to leave the house. Everything worries me and I have trouble keeping it together. \
\
thing of beauty\
I can not put into words how cool this site is and how much it helps me to type these words. The map is a thing of beauty and I will stare at it for hours every day from now until the end of time. \
\
nervous\
I am just so nervous all the time but I know that it will pass. If anyone else feels this way my thoughts go out to them and I hope they are ok. \
\
\
bipolar disorder:\
\
roller coaster\
It is a roller coaster. One minute I feel great and the next it is as if I have crashed to the ground and can barely recover. \
\
perspective\
The other day I told a friend that I did not want to speak with them and the next minute i was in tears. It is so hard to maintain any perspective on what matters.\
\
bravo\
Whoever designed this site is clearly a genius. The way the backend and frontend link is a genius. Bravo. Bra. Vo.  \
\
\
*My moods are all over the place. Sometimes I feel it coming and want to hide but there is no stopping it. \
\
\
\
dementia:\
\
losing a grip\
I can not remember the name of my children sometimes. There are times when I am not even sure what year it is and I can feel my grip on reality slipping. \
\
good day\
Thank you for making this site. I am using it when I feel like I am having a good day and it really helps. \
\
praying\
My family worries about me all the time. Some days are harder than others but I pray every night. \
\
adhd:\
\
meds are off\
My meds sometimes get off and it is hard to focus. I try really hard to pay attention in class but I suddenly find myself talking while the teacher is talking and I can not control it. Right now I am thinking about something else already. Thank you for such a cool site. \
\
map love\
I can not believe what I\'92m seeing in your map. It is so fluid and full of textural subtlety. Great work. I would hire you. \
\
*The other day I was just trying to send an email but my brain was telling me to do twenty other things at the same time. \
\
It can be hard to work around my ADHD, especially when other people dont believe that someone mostly functional is dealing with mental issues.\
\
all in my head\
For a long time, the doctors told me that it was all in my head but I knew it was real. I finally found a good doctor and got help. Things have been better since but it is still hard. \
\
schizophrenia:\
\
it was not camp\
I have been hospitalized so many times that I have lost count. As a kid, I used to tell people that I was at camp when I would have an episode. Things are hard but I am doing better right now. \
\
difficulty focusing\
My doc is trying to dial in my meds but things are all over the place and I am having a lot of trouble. Just focusing is difficult but I am hanging on and trusting that things will even out. \
\
has its own faceook page\
I am in awe of the button on this page. There is a facebook page devoted to it and I check it every hour just to see if there are any updates. \
\
*Every day is a challenge and nobody understands what I go through. \
 \
ocd:\
\
never clean enough\
I struggle with accepting the fact that I will never reach the level of cleanliness that my disorder demands.\
\
everything in its place\
My obsessive focus on order has placed a toll on all of my romantic relationships\
\
routine\
I try not to let my coworkers see the complex, orchestrated ritual I undertake, every time I get up from my desk\
 \
\
*my disorder makes life hard but I fight every day to try and get better\
\
autism:\
\
parents are worried\
My parents worry about me all the time. It is easier for me to type than it is to talk to anyone so this is incredibly cathartic. \
\
hoping for better\
I can not deal with people. There is so much I want to say but it is impossible for me to get it out. I hope things will get better. \
\
thank you\
It is difficult for me to talk in public but I can type here and get it all out. Thank you. \
\
ptsd:\
\
*i get angry for no reason and nobody seems to understand why. i just want to get better and have a normal life. \
\
nightmares\
Since coming home from the last tour it has been brutal. My moods are all over the place and I have nightmares every night. Things have to get better. \
\
mic drop\
Is there a MacArthur genius award for site design? Mic drop. \
\
telling friends\
Thanks for making this site. I will tell my friends about it and hopefully it will help them as much as it is helping me. \
\
}